create database aggragateddatasetfeatures;

use aggragateddatasetfeatures;

create table chunk1(
uid varchar(20) primary key,
unigram_im_frequency double,
unigram_like_frequency double,
unigram_people_frequency double,
unigram_know_frequency double,
unigram_time_frequency double,
unigram_really_frequency double,
unigram_ive_frequency double,
unigram_even_frequency double,
unigram_much_frequency double,
unigram_feel_frequency double,
unigram_going_frequency double,
unigram_someone_frequency double,
unigram_day_frequency double,
unigram_things_frequency double,
unigram_work_frequency double,
unigram_life_frequency double,
unigram_though_frequency double,
unigram_help_frequency double,
adjective_frequency double,
verb_frequency double,
noun_frequency double,
adverb_frequency double,
negation_frequency double,
punctuation_frequency double,
emoticon_frequency double,
capital_frequency double,
avg_comments_number double,
number_of_words_comment double,
avg_post_number double,
min_post_number double,
number_of_words_post double,
frequency_of_my double,
frequency_of_I double,
frequency_of_Myself double,
frequency_of_mine double,
frequency_of_Im double,
frequency_of_me double,
frequency_of_personal_noun double,
i_frequency_in_subjective_context double,
Generalization_feature double,
past_frequency double,
past_tense_frequency double,
past_words_frequency double,
was_were_frequency double,
unigrams_frequency double,
sleepy_words_frequency double,
frequency_of_depress double,
5_grams double,
3_grams double,
post_time_freq_comment_morning double,
post_time_freq_comment_afternoon double,
post_time_freq_comment_night double,
post_time_freq_comment_deepnight double,
nrc_positive_sentiment double,
nrc_negative_sentiment double,
nrc_depress_emotion double,
gunning_fog double,
flesch_reading_ease double,
linsear_write_formula double,
dale_chall_readability double,
druf_name_frequency double,
swear_words_frequency double,
empath_pet double,
empath_love double,
empath_cold double,
empath_internet double,
empath_irritability double,
empath_sadness double,
empath_hygiene double,
empath_heroic double,
empath_toy double,
empath_envy double,
empath_religion double,
empath_feminine double,
empath_nervousness double,
empath_health double,
empath_attractive double,
empath_dominant_personality double,
empath_writing double,
empath_youth double,
empath_politics double,
empath_cooking double,
empath_fear double,
empath_tourism double,
empath_confusion double,
empath_ship double,
empath_sexual double,
empath_swearing_terms double,
empath_violence double,
empath_musical double,
empath_money double,
empath_wedding double,
empath_smell double,
empath_disappointment double,
empath_medical_emergency double,
empath_occupation double,
empath_military double,
empath_poor double,
empath_government double,
empath_superhero double,
empath_weather double,
empath_fire double,
empath_childish double,
empath_crime double,
empath_appearance double,
empath_dance double,
empath_phone double,
empath_restaurant double,
empath_weapon double,
empath_medieval double,
empath_water double,
empath_magic double,
empath_plant double,
empath_listen double,
empath_movement double,
empath_fashion double,
empath_masculine double,
empath_reading double,
empath_domestic_work double,
empath_economics double,
empath_sound double,
empath_ugliness double,
empath_journalism double,
empath_contentment double,
empath_communication double,
empath_stealing double,
empath_children double,
empath_warmth double,
empath_emotional double,
empath_eating double,
empath_philosophy double,
empath_disgust double,
empath_dominant_heirarchical double,
empath_negative_emotion double,
empath_music double,
empath_trust double,
empath_sports double,
empath_royalty double,
empath_body double,
empath_valuable double,
empath_business double,
empath_hipster double,
empath_legend double,
empath_suffering double,
empath_sailing double,
empath_work double,
empath_exasperation double,
empath_fabric double,
empath_art double,
empath_fun double,
empath_speaking double,
empath_white_collar_job double,
empath_farming double,
empath_morning double,
empath_celebration double,
empath_ridicule double,
empath_school double,
empath_hiking double,
empath_positive_emotion double,
empath_timidity double,
empath_ocean double,
empath_anonymity double,
empath_healing double,
empath_tool double,
empath_politeness double,
empath_shopping double,
empath_worship double,
empath_affection double,
empath_negotiate double,
empath_cheerfulness double,
empath_vehicle double,
empath_play double,
empath_gain double,
empath_competing double,
empath_prison double,
empath_war double,
empath_social_media double,
empath_shame double,
empath_friends double,
empath_party double,
empath_optimism double,
empath_rural double,
empath_fight double,
empath_payment double,
empath_horror double,
empath_swimming double,
empath_night double,
empath_technology double,
empath_sleep double,
empath_exercise double,
empath_anger double,
empath_pride double,
empath_shape_and_size double,
empath_aggression double,
empath_strength double,
empath_car double,
empath_lust double,
empath_divine double,
empath_giving double,
empath_air_travel double,
empath_rage double,
empath_breaking double,
empath_death double,
empath_blue_collar_job double,
empath_surprise double,
empath_science double,
empath_alcohol double,
empath_meeting double,
empath_kill double,
empath_dispute double,
empath_liquid double,
empath_hate double,
empath_leisure double,
empath_driving double,
empath_pain double,
empath_terrorism double,
empath_home double,
empath_joy double,
empath_programming double,
empath_ancient double,
empath_traveling double,
empath_injury double,
empath_family double,
empath_sympathy double,
empath_torment double,
empath_exotic double,
empath_banking double,
empath_achievement double,
empath_zest double,
empath_office double,
empath_beauty double,
empath_noise double,
empath_law double,
empath_college double,
empath_help double,
empath_urban double,
empath_leader double,
empath_cleaning double,
empath_furniture double,
empath_order double,
empath_monster double,
empath_messaging double,
empath_power double,
empath_computer double,
empath_hearing double,
empath_vacation double,
empath_weakness double,
empath_clothing double,
empath_anticipation double,
empath_real_estate double,
empath_deception double,
empath_beach double,
empath_animal double,
empath_independence double,
empath_wealthy double,
empath_neglect double,
class char);

create table chunk2(
uid varchar(20) primary key,
unigram_im_frequency double,
unigram_like_frequency double,
unigram_people_frequency double,
unigram_know_frequency double,
unigram_time_frequency double,
unigram_really_frequency double,
unigram_ive_frequency double,
unigram_even_frequency double,
unigram_much_frequency double,
unigram_feel_frequency double,
unigram_going_frequency double,
unigram_someone_frequency double,
unigram_day_frequency double,
unigram_things_frequency double,
unigram_work_frequency double,
unigram_life_frequency double,
unigram_though_frequency double,
unigram_help_frequency double,
adjective_frequency double,
verb_frequency double,
noun_frequency double,
adverb_frequency double,
negation_frequency double,
punctuation_frequency double,
emoticon_frequency double,
capital_frequency double,
avg_comments_number double,
number_of_words_comment double,
avg_post_number double,
min_post_number double,
number_of_words_post double,
frequency_of_my double,
frequency_of_I double,
frequency_of_Myself double,
frequency_of_mine double,
frequency_of_Im double,
frequency_of_me double,
frequency_of_personal_noun double,
i_frequency_in_subjective_context double,
Generalization_feature double,
past_frequency double,
past_tense_frequency double,
past_words_frequency double,
was_were_frequency double,
unigrams_frequency double,
sleepy_words_frequency double,
frequency_of_depress double,
5_grams double,
3_grams double,
post_time_freq_comment_morning double,
post_time_freq_comment_afternoon double,
post_time_freq_comment_night double,
post_time_freq_comment_deepnight double,
nrc_positive_sentiment double,
nrc_negative_sentiment double,
nrc_depress_emotion double,
gunning_fog double,
flesch_reading_ease double,
linsear_write_formula double,
dale_chall_readability double,
druf_name_frequency double,
swear_words_frequency double,
empath_pet double,
empath_love double,
empath_cold double,
empath_internet double,
empath_irritability double,
empath_sadness double,
empath_hygiene double,
empath_heroic double,
empath_toy double,
empath_envy double,
empath_religion double,
empath_feminine double,
empath_nervousness double,
empath_health double,
empath_attractive double,
empath_dominant_personality double,
empath_writing double,
empath_youth double,
empath_politics double,
empath_cooking double,
empath_fear double,
empath_tourism double,
empath_confusion double,
empath_ship double,
empath_sexual double,
empath_swearing_terms double,
empath_violence double,
empath_musical double,
empath_money double,
empath_wedding double,
empath_smell double,
empath_disappointment double,
empath_medical_emergency double,
empath_occupation double,
empath_military double,
empath_poor double,
empath_government double,
empath_superhero double,
empath_weather double,
empath_fire double,
empath_childish double,
empath_crime double,
empath_appearance double,
empath_dance double,
empath_phone double,
empath_restaurant double,
empath_weapon double,
empath_medieval double,
empath_water double,
empath_magic double,
empath_plant double,
empath_listen double,
empath_movement double,
empath_fashion double,
empath_masculine double,
empath_reading double,
empath_domestic_work double,
empath_economics double,
empath_sound double,
empath_ugliness double,
empath_journalism double,
empath_contentment double,
empath_communication double,
empath_stealing double,
empath_children double,
empath_warmth double,
empath_emotional double,
empath_eating double,
empath_philosophy double,
empath_disgust double,
empath_dominant_heirarchical double,
empath_negative_emotion double,
empath_music double,
empath_trust double,
empath_sports double,
empath_royalty double,
empath_body double,
empath_valuable double,
empath_business double,
empath_hipster double,
empath_legend double,
empath_suffering double,
empath_sailing double,
empath_work double,
empath_exasperation double,
empath_fabric double,
empath_art double,
empath_fun double,
empath_speaking double,
empath_white_collar_job double,
empath_farming double,
empath_morning double,
empath_celebration double,
empath_ridicule double,
empath_school double,
empath_hiking double,
empath_positive_emotion double,
empath_timidity double,
empath_ocean double,
empath_anonymity double,
empath_healing double,
empath_tool double,
empath_politeness double,
empath_shopping double,
empath_worship double,
empath_affection double,
empath_negotiate double,
empath_cheerfulness double,
empath_vehicle double,
empath_play double,
empath_gain double,
empath_competing double,
empath_prison double,
empath_war double,
empath_social_media double,
empath_shame double,
empath_friends double,
empath_party double,
empath_optimism double,
empath_rural double,
empath_fight double,
empath_payment double,
empath_horror double,
empath_swimming double,
empath_night double,
empath_technology double,
empath_sleep double,
empath_exercise double,
empath_anger double,
empath_pride double,
empath_shape_and_size double,
empath_aggression double,
empath_strength double,
empath_car double,
empath_lust double,
empath_divine double,
empath_giving double,
empath_air_travel double,
empath_rage double,
empath_breaking double,
empath_death double,
empath_blue_collar_job double,
empath_surprise double,
empath_science double,
empath_alcohol double,
empath_meeting double,
empath_kill double,
empath_dispute double,
empath_liquid double,
empath_hate double,
empath_leisure double,
empath_driving double,
empath_pain double,
empath_terrorism double,
empath_home double,
empath_joy double,
empath_programming double,
empath_ancient double,
empath_traveling double,
empath_injury double,
empath_family double,
empath_sympathy double,
empath_torment double,
empath_exotic double,
empath_banking double,
empath_achievement double,
empath_zest double,
empath_office double,
empath_beauty double,
empath_noise double,
empath_law double,
empath_college double,
empath_help double,
empath_urban double,
empath_leader double,
empath_cleaning double,
empath_furniture double,
empath_order double,
empath_monster double,
empath_messaging double,
empath_power double,
empath_computer double,
empath_hearing double,
empath_vacation double,
empath_weakness double,
empath_clothing double,
empath_anticipation double,
empath_real_estate double,
empath_deception double,
empath_beach double,
empath_animal double,
empath_independence double,
empath_wealthy double,
empath_neglect double,
class char);

create table chunk3(
uid varchar(20) primary key,
unigram_im_frequency double,
unigram_like_frequency double,
unigram_people_frequency double,
unigram_know_frequency double,
unigram_time_frequency double,
unigram_really_frequency double,
unigram_ive_frequency double,
unigram_even_frequency double,
unigram_much_frequency double,
unigram_feel_frequency double,
unigram_going_frequency double,
unigram_someone_frequency double,
unigram_day_frequency double,
unigram_things_frequency double,
unigram_work_frequency double,
unigram_life_frequency double,
unigram_though_frequency double,
unigram_help_frequency double,
adjective_frequency double,
verb_frequency double,
noun_frequency double,
adverb_frequency double,
negation_frequency double,
punctuation_frequency double,
emoticon_frequency double,
capital_frequency double,
avg_comments_number double,
number_of_words_comment double,
avg_post_number double,
min_post_number double,
number_of_words_post double,
frequency_of_my double,
frequency_of_I double,
frequency_of_Myself double,
frequency_of_mine double,
frequency_of_Im double,
frequency_of_me double,
frequency_of_personal_noun double,
i_frequency_in_subjective_context double,
Generalization_feature double,
past_frequency double,
past_tense_frequency double,
past_words_frequency double,
was_were_frequency double,
unigrams_frequency double,
sleepy_words_frequency double,
frequency_of_depress double,
5_grams double,
3_grams double,
post_time_freq_comment_morning double,
post_time_freq_comment_afternoon double,
post_time_freq_comment_night double,
post_time_freq_comment_deepnight double,
nrc_positive_sentiment double,
nrc_negative_sentiment double,
nrc_depress_emotion double,
gunning_fog double,
flesch_reading_ease double,
linsear_write_formula double,
dale_chall_readability double,
druf_name_frequency double,
swear_words_frequency double,
empath_pet double,
empath_love double,
empath_cold double,
empath_internet double,
empath_irritability double,
empath_sadness double,
empath_hygiene double,
empath_heroic double,
empath_toy double,
empath_envy double,
empath_religion double,
empath_feminine double,
empath_nervousness double,
empath_health double,
empath_attractive double,
empath_dominant_personality double,
empath_writing double,
empath_youth double,
empath_politics double,
empath_cooking double,
empath_fear double,
empath_tourism double,
empath_confusion double,
empath_ship double,
empath_sexual double,
empath_swearing_terms double,
empath_violence double,
empath_musical double,
empath_money double,
empath_wedding double,
empath_smell double,
empath_disappointment double,
empath_medical_emergency double,
empath_occupation double,
empath_military double,
empath_poor double,
empath_government double,
empath_superhero double,
empath_weather double,
empath_fire double,
empath_childish double,
empath_crime double,
empath_appearance double,
empath_dance double,
empath_phone double,
empath_restaurant double,
empath_weapon double,
empath_medieval double,
empath_water double,
empath_magic double,
empath_plant double,
empath_listen double,
empath_movement double,
empath_fashion double,
empath_masculine double,
empath_reading double,
empath_domestic_work double,
empath_economics double,
empath_sound double,
empath_ugliness double,
empath_journalism double,
empath_contentment double,
empath_communication double,
empath_stealing double,
empath_children double,
empath_warmth double,
empath_emotional double,
empath_eating double,
empath_philosophy double,
empath_disgust double,
empath_dominant_heirarchical double,
empath_negative_emotion double,
empath_music double,
empath_trust double,
empath_sports double,
empath_royalty double,
empath_body double,
empath_valuable double,
empath_business double,
empath_hipster double,
empath_legend double,
empath_suffering double,
empath_sailing double,
empath_work double,
empath_exasperation double,
empath_fabric double,
empath_art double,
empath_fun double,
empath_speaking double,
empath_white_collar_job double,
empath_farming double,
empath_morning double,
empath_celebration double,
empath_ridicule double,
empath_school double,
empath_hiking double,
empath_positive_emotion double,
empath_timidity double,
empath_ocean double,
empath_anonymity double,
empath_healing double,
empath_tool double,
empath_politeness double,
empath_shopping double,
empath_worship double,
empath_affection double,
empath_negotiate double,
empath_cheerfulness double,
empath_vehicle double,
empath_play double,
empath_gain double,
empath_competing double,
empath_prison double,
empath_war double,
empath_social_media double,
empath_shame double,
empath_friends double,
empath_party double,
empath_optimism double,
empath_rural double,
empath_fight double,
empath_payment double,
empath_horror double,
empath_swimming double,
empath_night double,
empath_technology double,
empath_sleep double,
empath_exercise double,
empath_anger double,
empath_pride double,
empath_shape_and_size double,
empath_aggression double,
empath_strength double,
empath_car double,
empath_lust double,
empath_divine double,
empath_giving double,
empath_air_travel double,
empath_rage double,
empath_breaking double,
empath_death double,
empath_blue_collar_job double,
empath_surprise double,
empath_science double,
empath_alcohol double,
empath_meeting double,
empath_kill double,
empath_dispute double,
empath_liquid double,
empath_hate double,
empath_leisure double,
empath_driving double,
empath_pain double,
empath_terrorism double,
empath_home double,
empath_joy double,
empath_programming double,
empath_ancient double,
empath_traveling double,
empath_injury double,
empath_family double,
empath_sympathy double,
empath_torment double,
empath_exotic double,
empath_banking double,
empath_achievement double,
empath_zest double,
empath_office double,
empath_beauty double,
empath_noise double,
empath_law double,
empath_college double,
empath_help double,
empath_urban double,
empath_leader double,
empath_cleaning double,
empath_furniture double,
empath_order double,
empath_monster double,
empath_messaging double,
empath_power double,
empath_computer double,
empath_hearing double,
empath_vacation double,
empath_weakness double,
empath_clothing double,
empath_anticipation double,
empath_real_estate double,
empath_deception double,
empath_beach double,
empath_animal double,
empath_independence double,
empath_wealthy double,
empath_neglect double,
class char);

CREATE TABLE feature_class(
featare varchar(256),
class_N float,
class_P float,
type int(4));

create table rawchunk1(
uid varchar(15),
title varchar(767),
date timestamp,
text text,
PRIMARY KEY(uid,date,title)
);

create table rawchunk2(
uid varchar(15),
title varchar(767),
date timestamp,
text text,
PRIMARY KEY(uid,date,title)
);

load data infile './Class_CSV.csv'
into table feature_class
COLUMNS TERMINATED BY ','
OPTIONALLY ENCLOSED BY '"'
ESCAPED BY '"'
LINES TERMINATED BY '\n'
IGNORE 1 LINES;

load data infile './depression_test_chunk1.csv'
into table chunk1
fields terminated by ';' optionally enclosed by '"' escaped by '"'

lines terminated by '\r\n';

load data infile './depression_test_chunk2.csv'
into table chunk2
fields terminated by ';' optionally enclosed by '"' escaped by '"'

lines terminated by '\r\n';

load data infile './depression_train.csv'
into table chunk3
fields terminated by ';' optionally enclosed by '"' escaped by '"'

lines terminated by '\r\n';


